http://www.en.mepra-online.de/Company.html

Home, Products, Company, HR Catalog online, References, Newsletter, Download, Contact, Ideas for, Breakfast, Room-Service, 
Restaurant, Bar-Wine, Buffet, Pizzeria, SPA, New Products
首页 产品 公司 在线目录 销售参考 新闻通讯 下载 联系我们  灵感 早餐 客房服务
餐厅 酒吧 自助餐 比萨店 会所 新品

这个页面是转到www.en.mepra-online.de/Newsletter.html

Click here to visit our @home Division
点击访问我们的家居系列产品

Careers, Exhibitions Fairs, Press, Links, Impressum
职业 展会 媒体 连接 版权说明

Here is MEPRAs ..
.. home, near the south of Lake Garda, in Lumezzane, Italy. All products are designed and manufactured here in our own factories.
 Around 100 employees are working in our family-owned company, which  started production since the 40s. MEPRA ships in more than 
50 countries around the world.
MEPRA 简介
.. MEPRA总部位于意大利隆美辛尼，靠近加尔达湖南部。所有产品均由MEPRA设计师设计并在自有工厂生产。MEPRA作为一个家族企业，拥有100多为员
工，自40年代开始就生产，其产品已经销往世界50多个国家。

The three Prandelli brothers, Bortolo, Francesco and Giovanbattista, built the first factory in 1901, 
directly beside the river in Lumezzane, Italy. This allowed them to run machinery by use of a water mill. 
They worked metals as subcontractors and as primary manufacturers during the 30’s and World War II. 
After the war, it was necessary to reconvert their production and the three sons of Giovanbattista founded Mepra in 1947. 
早在1902年，Bortolo, Francesco 和Giovanbattista家族三兄弟在意大利隆美辛尼加尔达湖边上建立了第一家工厂。有利的地理位置使他们优先采用
了水车作业。他们开始以钢铁加工次承包商及早期的制造商出现在30年代及二战期间。
二战结束后，他们开始恢复工厂。1947年，Giovanbattista三兄弟成立了Mepra公司。


Mepra stands for “Metallurgica Prandelli” and its founders were the three brothers Pietro, Felice and Giacomo. 
They built a new and modernized plant in the upper side of the valley to produce aluminum and brass flatware. 
These raw materials were available in great quantities after the war. Each of the three brothers was responsible for 
a different function: Giacomo for the production, Felice for the Sales, and Pietro, who was previously a school teacher, 
for accounting. In 1950 the Prandelli brothers decided to convert the production to 18/10 stainless steel. 
This move was highly successful. In the following twenty years, the company grew continuously and extended 
the range to include holloware and kitchenware. 
Mepra 代表 "Metallurgica Prandelli", 创立人是Pietro，Felice和Giacomo三兄弟。他们在意大利溪谷的上游建立了一个现代化厂房，主要生产
铝制及黄铜餐具。战后，生产原材料的供给大大加强。三兄弟分工明确，负责不同部门：Giacomo 负责生产，Felice 负责销售而Pietro由于当过
教师，便负责财务。1950年，三兄弟决定生产将生产主要放在18/10不锈钢上，该决定获得巨大成功。在此后的20年，Mepra公司不断发展壮大，
产品范围扩大至锅、盘系列和厨房系列产品。


Later, Mepra also begun producing silverplated flatware and holloware. In 1972, Gianni, the son of Pietro, 
joined the family business. At the beginning, he was responsible for production, together with uncle Giacomo. 
In the following years, he became the main conduit between production and Sales. He became CEO in 1977 and President in 1999. 
In 1985, Luigi, the son of Felice, joined the company. He was responsible for Marketing and Accounting, and then became CEO. 
He has also created numerous new successful products and collections. The 80’s were years of great growth for Mepra. 
For the new collections, stainless steel became combined with new materials such as plastic, glass, wood and porcelain. 
The sale results were so good that, in 1992, Mepra decided to open a new plant dedicated solely to the production of plastic. 
此后，Mepra开始大规模生产银器餐具及厨房用具。1972年，Pietro的儿子Gianni加入家族企业的发展与他的叔叔Giacomo负责生产环节。之后，
Gianni成为连接生产及销售的主要负责人，并在1977年，荣升CEO，1999年成为Mepra总裁。1985年，Felice的儿子Luigi加入Mepr，负责市场营销
及财务管理，之后成为Mepra公司的CEO，在他负责期间，Mepra设计制作出大量的热销产品及产品系列。80年代，是Mepra发展壮大的繁荣时期。
在新开发的产品系列中，不锈钢与其他新材料结合，如塑料、玻璃、木制及陶瓷等，新品销量极好，并与1992年建立第二家工厂，专业制造塑料
产品系列。 

In the 90’s, in order to respond to the most refined customer’s needs, Mepra developed a network of cooperation with some of 
the most influential designers including Angelo Mangiarotti and a host of other young talented avant-garde designers who still 
work for the company full-time or on a project basis. 
到了90年代，为满足市场对产品精细度的不断追求，Mepra与非常有影响力的设计师如Angelo Mangiarotti及众多具有创新精神的年轻设计师们
建立了良好的合作关系，他们或者全职负责Mepra产品设计，或者只针对部分产品的设计。

Today, Research and Development costs represent about 8% of the turnover C one of the highest ratios in our industry. 
This investment spawns creativity, design and utmost quality in everything we do. From the quality of the raw materials we use, 
to the thickness to the flawless finishing these are all signatures of Mepra. 
如今，Mepra在研发项目上的开支占到总销售额的8% - 是该行业中投入比例最高的公司，这项投入使得我们专注的每件产品都富有创意、设计感
及高品质。从采用高品质原材料到材质厚度到无瑕疵完工等所有细节无不体现Mepra的专注于品质。

At Mepra, we bring you three generations of Italian tradition, design, lifestyle and “Made in Italy”.
Mepra为您带来意大利三代人的传统、设计、生活方式及“意大利制造”的完美感受。

Click here to visit our Hotel & Restaurant Division
点击访问我们的酒店&餐厅部门

Exhibitions Fairs, Press, links, impressum
展会 媒体 链接 版权说明 

At Mepra, we bring you three generations of Italian tradition, design, lifestyle and “Made in Italy”.
Mepra为您带来意大利三代人的传统、设计、生活方式及“意大利制造”的完美感受。

Click here to visit our Hotel & Restaurant Division
点击访问我们的酒店&餐厅部门