http://www.en.mepra-online.de/New_Products.html

Home, Products, Company, HR Catalog online, References, Newsletter, Download, Contact, Ideas for, Breakfast, Room-Service, 
Restaurant, Bar-Wine, Buffet, Pizzeria, SPA, New Products
首页 产品 公司 在线目录 销售参考 新闻通讯 下载 联系我们  灵感 早餐 客房服务
餐厅 酒吧 自助餐 比萨店 会所 新品

New Products
新品

ELICA

"ELICA" is the latest MEPRA design of cutlery. "ELICA" means translated into English as much as helical or spiral, 
and are thus consistent design language of this cutlery again: an essential design feature of this massive, 4mm cutlery is
 crafted from solid stainless steel, which runs through the entire handle all the parts. This look lends the cutlery an 
understated elegance and dynamism. Also offers this product with a soulful feel and balance that can be given an idea of figures.
“ELICA”是Mepra最新设计的刀具系列。“ELICA”译为螺旋，该系列的设计重点是，该刀具通体采用4mm厚度实心不锈钢材质，尽显低调奢华，
给人以优雅曼妙的视觉享受。

Of course, the 18/10 stainless steel cutlery is dishwasher safe and the toughest everyday use, thanks in Italian forging
 technology, in the demanding hotel and restaurant ideally suited. See all common accessories, from the fish knife 
and numerous additional items are also available on this model.
当然，18/10不锈钢刀具可安全机洗，随意使用且不必担心质量问题，这都归功于意大利优良的锻造技术。我们的产品是酒店及餐厅的理想选择。
从鱼刀到其他任何配件产品，MEPRA都一应俱全。

The new MEPRA Collection....
MEPRA新品系列赏....

 "ATENA" is the other new design of MEPRA cutlery. "Atena" is solid, edgy and factual. " - Looking at this new flatware you 
guessed the particular material thickness of 4 mm stainless steel, you can see the sophisticated feeling.
"ATENA"是 MEPRA最新设计的刀具系列. "Atena"意为坚固、锋利和实用。看到产品，你会猜测厚度为4mm不锈钢产品的材质，同时你也会看到其
精致复杂的设计。

Of course, the 18/10 stainless steel cutlery is dishwasher safe and the toughest everyday use, thanks in Italian forging 
technology, in the demanding hotel and restaurant ideally suited. See all common accessories, from the fish knife 
and numerous additional items are also available on this model.
当然，18/10不锈钢刀具可安全机洗，随意使用且不必担心质量问题，这都归功于意大利优良的锻造技术。我们的产品是酒店及餐厅的理想选择。
从鱼刀到其他任何配件产品，MEPRA都一应俱全。

ATENA
  
Click here to visit our @home Division
点击访问我们的家居部门

Career Exhibitions Fairs, Press, links, impressum
职业 展会 媒体 链接 版权说明