http://www.en.mepra.eu/Company.html

home, products, company, catalog online, where to buy, newsletter, download, contact, idears for, colourful life, bar-wine, baking pizza, serving&dining, outdoor, news products

Here is MEPRAs ..
.. home, near the south of Lake Garda, in Lumezzane, Italy. All products are designed and manufactured here in our own factories. Around 100 employees are working in our family-owned company, which  started production since the 40s. MEPRA ships in more than 50 countries around the world.
 
 MEPRA品牌历史
 --MEPRA建立于意大利Lumezzane的Garda河畔, 其为40年代建立的家族企业,并有100多名员工,向世界50多个国家出口产品
   
  
The three Prandelli brothers, Bortolo, Francesco and Giovanbattista, built the first factory in 1901, directly beside the river in Lumezzane, Italy. This allowed them to run machinery by use of a water mill. They worked metals as subcontractors and as primary manufacturers during the 30’s and World War II. After the war, it was necessary to reconvert their production and the three sons of Giovanbattista founded Mepra in 1947. 
 ---- 1901年，Prandelli的兄弟们，Bortolo, Francesco 和Giovanbattista在河边建立了他们的第一个工厂。因为临近水源，他们得以利用水磨来发动机器。30年代二战期间,他们是金属制品的转包商。因为战后需要转换产品，兄弟三个就于1947年成立了MEPRA公司。

Mepra stands for “Metallurgica Prandelli” and its founders were the three brothers Pietro, Felice and Giacomo. They built a new and modernized plant in the upper side of the valley to produce aluminum and brass flatware. These raw materials were available in great quantities after the war. Each of the three brothers was responsible for a different function: Giacomo for the production, Felice for the Sales, and Pietro, who was previously a school teacher, for accounting. In 1950 the Prandelli brothers decided to convert the production to 18/10 stainless steel. This move was highly successful. In the following twenty years, the company grew continuously and extended the range to include holloware and kitchenware. 
MEPRA 指的是"MetallurgicaPrandelli"，它的创始人就是Pietro, Felice 和 Giacomo兄弟三人。他们把这个新的现代化的工厂建立在山谷的上部，专门生产铝制和铜制餐具。因为在战后这些原材料数量庞大。兄弟三个有着不同的分工：Giacomo负责生产，Felice负责销售，以前做过老师的Pietro就负责账目。1950年，Prandelli 兄弟决定生产18/10的不锈钢产品。这个决定给他们带来了巨大的成功。在接下来的二十年时间里，公司不断壮大，产品也扩展到锅（盘子）和厨房用具。

Later, Mepra also begun producing silverplated flatware and holloware. In 1972, Gianni, the son of Pietro, joined the family business. At the beginning, he was responsible for production, together with uncle Giacomo. In the following years, he became the main conduit between production and Sales. He became CEO in 1977 and President in 1999. In 1985, Luigi, the son of Felice, joined the company. He was responsible for Marketing and Accounting, and then became CEO. He has also created numerous new successful products and collections. The 80’s were years of great growth for Mepra. For the new collections, stainless steel became combined with new materials such as plastic, glass, wood and porcelain. The sale results were so good that, in 1992, Mepra decided to open a new plant dedicated solely to the production of plastic. 

----后来，MEPRA公司又开始生产镀银的餐具、锅（盘子）类等同类产品。1972年，Pietro 的儿子Gianni参与了公司的经营。刚开始，他和叔叔 Giacomo一起负责公司的生产。后来，他成为了公司负责生产和销售的主管。1977年他成为公司的首席执行官，并于1999年担任了 公司的总裁。1985年，Felice的儿子 Luigi也加入了公司。他主要负责销售和公司的账目，后来成为公司的首席执行官。他也为公司开发出了大量新的产品并为公司带来了巨大的成功。80年代期间MEPRA发展得很快。公司开始把不锈钢产品和一些新的材料，比如说塑料，玻璃，木材，瓷器等结合起来开发新的产品。结果销售获得了极大的成功。1992年，公司决定成立一个新的工厂专门生产塑料制品。

In the 90’s, in order to respond to the most refined customer’s needs, Mepra developed a network of cooperation with some of the most influential designers including Angelo Mangiarotti and a host of other young talented avant-garde designers who still work for the company full-time or on a project basis. 
90年代，为了生产出最精致的产品，公司专门开始与许多著名的设计师,如 Angelo Mangiarotti以及一些年轻的、富有创新精神的设计师进行合作;现在很多设计师仍在为MEPRA设计制作产品

Today, Research and Development costs represent about 8% of the turnover C one of the highest ratios in our industry. This investment spawns creativity, design and utmost quality in everything we do. From the quality of the raw materials we use, to the thickness to the flawless finishing these are all signatures of Mepra. 
如今,不断的创新和设计是最好质量的保证。高品质的原材料，精湛的工艺是MEPRA永远的追求。MEPRA每年投入到研究和开发方面的费用占据了公司总收入的8%，这也从另一个角度证明了MEPRA对产品工艺的严格追求。
At Mepra, we bring you three generations of Italian tradition, design, lifestyle and “Made in Italy”.
在MEPRA，我们将向您展示“意大利制造”的真正精髓,惬意的生活方式和无限的设计创意。
Click here to visit our Hotel & Restaurant Division

Exhibitions Fairs, Press, links, impressum

